0.35.2 Release Notes (#3986)
astronomer/docs: software/migrate-to-runtime.md

See [Runtime Architecture](runtime-image-architecture.mdx) for more detailed information about Runtime's distribution and features.

Only AC Versions that are 2.2.5 and greater have equivalent Runtime versions. To see the equivalent version of Astro Runtime for a Deployment running AC in the **Deployment Settings** page, you need to set the following configuration:

```yaml

>  enableListAllRuntimeVersions: true

Reviewer: This probably isn't enough info. The full helm value they need to provide is:
```suggestion
astronomer:
  houston:
    config:
      deployments:
        enableListAllRuntimeVersions: true
```

```

> 

Author: ```suggestion

If you use the dotted notation, use the configuration `astronomer.houston.config.deployments.enableListAllRuntimeVersions=true`. 
```

> After enabling this configuration, the System Administrator can see the equivalent version of Astro Runtime in the **Migrate to Runtime-[Version number]** button. Note that all AC equivalent Runtime versions are deprecated other than version 2.2.5 and greater.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After enabling this configuration, the System Administrator can see the equivalent version of Astro Runtime in the **Migrate to Runtime-[Version number]** button. Note that all AC equivalent Runtime versions prior to 2.2.5 are deprecated.
```

See [Runtime Architecture](runtime-image-architecture.mdx) for more detailed information about Runtime's distribution and features.

Only AC Versions that are 2.2.5 and greater have equivalent Runtime versions. To see the equivalent version of Astro Runtime for a Deployment running AC in the **Deployment Settings** page, you need to set the following configuration:

```yaml
astronomer:
  houston:
    config:
      deployments:

>         enableListAllRuntimeVersions: true

Author: astronomer:
      houston:
        config:
          deployments:
            enableListAllRuntimeVersions: true
```

See [Runtime Architecture](runtime-image-architecture.mdx) for more detailed information about Runtime's distribution and features.

Only AC Versions that are 2.2.5 and greater have equivalent Runtime versions. To see the equivalent version of Astro Runtime for a Deployment running AC in the **Deployment Settings** page, you need to set the following configuration:

```yaml
astronomer:
  houston:
    config:
      deployments:
        enableListAllRuntimeVersions: true
```

> If you use the dotted notation, use the configuration `astronomer.houston.config.deployments.enableListAllRuntimeVersions=true`. 

Reviewer: We probably don't need this. Sorry, I should've been more clear when suggesting the change that it was just a reference for us to easily see what was going on. We don't want to steer people towards using the mechanism that uses this dotted notation.

> If you use the dotted notation, use the configuration `astronomer.houston.config.deployments.enableListAllRuntimeVersions=true`. 

Author: ```suggestion
```
